Spotify is seeking a Technical Lead for the Open Source Program within our Platform organisation. This is an exciting new role that presents the opportunity to run Spotify’s OSPO operations and the execution of Spotify’s open source strategy. Open source is vital to Spotify, we rely on many amazing projects from the community to run our business and regularly share with the world what we build internally. Our open source efforts are currently led by a small multi-functional group, and we are looking for a motivated, forward-thinking individual to take Spotify’s open source operations to the next level.
What you'll do
Be the champion for open source to our engineering organisation.
Advise Spotify teams who want to release some or all of their products under open source licenses on how to build and sustain vibrant open source projects.
You will own and drive all aspects of our open source process, including reviewing outbound projects, maintaining internal documentation, and improving tooling.
Be the engineering counterpart for our IP organisation and support in the license agreements around trademark and IP.
Work with our platform teams in Stockholm and NYC to build out our internal tooling for open source.
Who you are
Demonstrated experience in similar roles, including leading open source programs as well as building and growing developer communities.
Strong record of contribution to at least one successful and widely recognised open source project.
Experience and familiarity with multiple programming languages, such as Python, Java, Scala and JavaScript.
You have excellent communication and organisational skills, and show the ability to both mentor engineers in a deeply technical way and to have higher level discussions with business leaders.
At least 5 years coding in or leading software engineering projects.
A basic understanding of intellectual property (IP) laws, open-source licensing terms, and how they are used in the industry.
Availability for travel to Stockholm/NYC
Where you'll be
We are a distributed workforce enabling our band members to find a work mode that is best for them!Where in the world?
For this role, it can be within the EMEA region in which we have a work location and is within working hours.
Working hours? We operate within the Central European and GMT time zones for collaboration and ask that all be located that time zone.
Prefer an office to work from home instead? Not a problem! We have plenty of options for your working preferences. Find more information about our Work From Anywhere  options here.
You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be forward-thinking! So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens.

Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the chance to enjoy and be passionate about these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service with a community of more than 345 million users.
