Job Description
We are seeking an Open Source Program Manager to help build the future of banking, payments & financial services at U.S. Bank. As Open Source Program Manager, you will manage the day-to-day operations of the open source program office.

Responsibilities 

Define operations plan for open source engineering staffing, budget, and tooling.
Manage the pipeline of open source support requests and progress reporting.
Partner with risk management, enterprise architecture, the law division, developer tooling and services, and information security to manage, monitor, and implement open source processes to address engineering needs.
Create and provide open source training for internal engineering staff.
Work with Agile Coaching team to implement InnerSource processes, metrics, and training.
Work with external open source communities on open source initiatives that align with strategic initiatives.
Cultivate an open source engineering culture at U.S. Bank.
Basic qualifications

10+ years of technology, banking or other relevant work experience.
3+ years of management experience.
Desired qualifications:

Firm understanding of open source software governance, licensing, and culture.
Knowledge of common open source communities and publication processes.
Hands-on expertise with Git and Jira
Broad knowledge of information security practices and open source security compliance tools
Understanding of open source license compliance requirements.
Masters degree in related field
Benefits: 
Take care of yourself and your family with U.S. Bank employee benefits.  We know that healthy employees are happy employees, and we believe that work/life balance should be easy to achieve.  That's why we share the cost of benefits and offer a variety of programs, resources and support you need to bring your full self to work and stay present and committed to the people who matter most - your family.

Learn all about U.S. Bank employee benefits, including tuition reimbursement, retirement plans and more, by visiting usbank.com/careers.

EEO is the Law
Applicants can learn more about the company’s status as an equal opportunity employer by viewing the federal EEO is the Law poster.

E-Verify

U.S. Bank participates in the U.S. Department of Homeland Security E-Verify program in all facilities located in the United States and certain U.S. territories. The E-Verify program is an Internet-based employment eligibility verification system operated by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. Learn more about the E-Verify program.
