Posted on 9th March 2021

About the job
What You Will Do

You will be a technical program manager, working in the Open Source Compliance (OSC) team. You will work with our internal engineering teams across , Open Source engineers, Legal, Security, and Marketing, to implement and support the compliance processes and tooling provided by the Open Source Program Office (OSPO).

You will manage integration activities for our automated tools, represent VMware’s Open Source policy, consult on open source license compliant usage and document processes that ensure open source software use aligns with our business goals, protects our intellectual property. You will consult with engineering teams who are establishing OSS compliance best practices in the development and release of their products and services to the marketplace. Additionally, you'll provide day-to-day coordination on projects and tasks to drive implementation, communicate progress, and assist in improvements across multiple teams and functions.

Who You Are?
Ability to be self-driven, take advantage of open source, standards and community , and a fast and consistent learner are valued attributes for this position. Prior experience with Open Source Software communities and/or GitHub projects are a plus.
You are pragmatic, iterative, and customer-driven.
You are organized, self-starting, flexible and resourceful
You have excellent written and verbal communication skills
You know when to ask for help
You are comfortable collaborating across time zones and cultures
You truly enjoy improving the customer experience
You understand why open source exists, why it works, and thought about the challenges it poses to organizations
You understanding the differences between some of the common open source licenses is a plus
You have a demonstrated a strong ability to define programs (scope, schedule), successfully achieve milestones, manage issues, and mitigate risk.

Minimum Requirements
8+ years program management experience
Experience with SDL , continuous integration, ticket & tracking (Jira)
Familiar with software build environments and tools
Experience in contributing to an open source project or using open source in multiple programming projects
Confluence experience a plus

Category : Business Strategy and Operations
Subcategory: Program Management
Experience: Manager and Professional
Full Time/ Part Time: Full Time
Posted Date: 2021-03-08

VMware Company Overview: At VMware, we believe that software has the power to unlock new opportunities for people and our planet. We look beyond the barriers of compromise to engineer new ways to make technologies work together seamlessly. Our cloud, mobility, and security software form a flexible, consistent digital foundation for securely delivering the apps, services and experiences that are transforming business innovation around the globe. At the core of what we do are our people who deeply value execution, passion, integrity, customers, and community. Shape what’s possible today at http://careers.vmware.com.

Equal Employment Opportunity Statement: VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. Vmware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law.
